15 years ago in the Hegemony Restoration Wars, he emerged as one of the most talented commanders. His wife pregnant, she repeatedly asked him to come home as they had no immediate family to help out during the pregnancy. Around that time, he makes a tactical mistake wanting to test out new weaponry and ends up giving away their location to the enemy during an infiltration mission. As a result, almost all his troops were slaughtered. Fueled by rage and vengeance, he goes on a long campaign to completely extinguish that enemy. Meanwhile, his wife had given birth and was raising the child alone, who was very frail and sickly. The General kept delaying returning home, but finally when his son was a year and a half old he decided to go home and visit his family. Unfortunately for him, his son had died shortly beforehand. The wife grew distraught and resentful and blamed him for it, claiming this wouldn't have happened if she wasn't all alone. Thus, she decided to divorce him. His rivals took advantage of the tactical mistake and had him transferred to a border outpost. To be clear, this was a strategically important outpost, but it wasn't seen as very 'prestigious'. He preferred his soldier lifestyle to that of an officer lifestyle in the capital anyway, so he accepted without complain. He has been leading expeditions into the Riverlands since then, and has maintained a careful balance of power in the region. He had unofficially taken over the Hegemony's foreign policy toward the Riverlands through informants, assassinations, whatever guarantees they would never be a threat to the Hegemony.