first mother dead, stepmother close. sent to border(riverland border). Screw-up. [General](Characters/General) fixes. Great respect++ for general. [Father caesar](Father%20Caesar.md) gives punishment posting. Stepmom son competent. He jealous. Stepmother dies in fire. Distraught. Hears rumor that father killed off stepmom. doesn't believe for now. then father caesar sends to prove himself on mission to riverlands to negotiate release of [antiochus](Characters/Antiochus.md) (negotiable). Heads into enemy territories. If negotiation fails, escape(with antiochus). Then [nobleman](<Narcissist Nobleman>) appears, shit happens. Barely escapes. Father caesar solved inheritance experiment, distraught, then psychology shit seeds by nobleman. nobleman had struck a nerve, and he thinks over for some time. He stays in capital, mulling over the nobleman's words. Over time hates raja, meantime one shaadi to powerful daughter. they bond. he tells about nobleman ne kya bola. she and her father lady macbeths him. He recieves letter at end of book 1 from nobleman deatils not specified. 

In book 2, conspiracy to rebellion, details badme nikalenge. Younger son is involved in queling. At end of book 2. father caesar is about to finish him off after defeating. They are alone. Father caesar explains the duties of king, and why he did what he did. Ends with with explaining how he would have fucked up entire kingdom. Raja baja whines about being his son and being manipulated, no will, etc. Then father caesar agrees, hugs him, then beheads him.

Then crowns younger son king, and takes sanyas (notice period dega). Chhota beta later discovers that lady macbeth is pregnant. 